>> Brian: So
we have pet in here right now.
We're gonna move this
into a separate module.
So what's actually really cool
here is I have this light bulb
that comes up from VS code.
So I just highlight,
I wanna move this into a new file, right?
So I highlight this lightbulb right
there and I say move to a new file.
>> Brian: And then it just
automatically builds me a pad.js here,
it imports react from react and
it exports that for me.
>> Speaker 2: How did you do that?
>> Brian: So I highlighted what I wanted
to export, just bring it back in here.
Highlighted what I wanted to export,
it brings up this lightbulb,
it's kind of hard to see right there,
right?
And there's a couple things that you
can do, but I said, move to a new file.
>> Speaker 2: And Parcel's doing this,
or Visual Studio Code?
>> Brian: That's VS Code, yeah,
which magical tool am I using this time?
[LAUGH]
>> Brian: That's pretty damn cool
too, right?
>> Speaker 3: They're asking if you're
David Copperfield field of code.
>> Brian: I mean in the hacky sense that
I'm stealing everyone else's cool
stuff and passing it off as my own?
Yeah, sure.
So, I prefer to do it a little
bit differently, this way.
Const pet and then I'm going to say
at the bottom: export default pet.
>> Brian: Okay, so now again.
You do have to come up here.
>> Brian: You'll have to take these
curly braces off cuz it wants to do
a named import.
And I want it to be a default export.
That's all you have to do.
So now,
we are making our own modules, right?
Now we have a app
component in its own file,
we have a pet component in its own file,
and they're separate.
The nice thing about Parcel is it'll
stitch all that stuff together for
you automatically.
Don't have to worry about it.
So now if we come back over here,
just everything still works, but
now it's stitching
together multiple files.
So to talk about alternatives
that you could be using here,
I did talk about Webpack a little bit.
Definitely look into Webpack,
it's still a great piece of technology.
The other one is Browser Fi, written by
another Frontend Master substack, James.
What's James' last name?
>> Speaker 4: Halliday.
>> Brian: Halliday.
Really smart guy.
I use Browser 5 forever.
The nice thing about Browser 5 is it's
really easy to write plug-ins for us.
So when I was working in Netflix,
we used the Browser 5 quite a bit.
So another good piece of technology that
you could definitely sub in here and
it work as well.
Yeah?
No, I think we finished doing Parcel.
We finished doing ES,
kind of the tooling part of this.
So you may not have to do this
kind of stuff all the time.
You may already have a project that's
set up with all the tooling and such.
But I wanted to show you how to
set up your own project youRself.
From here on out,
basically we have the entire project
set-up to have a real react project.
So we'll continue from
this point doing that.
The next thing we're going to talk
about is something called JSX.